## Table of Contents

#### Share-based Compensation and Deferred Tax
Share-based compensation deductions recognized in equity. In addition, €27 million of deferred tax expense was primarily related to the utilization of net operating loss carryforwards in the three months ended September 30, 2024. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, income tax expense was €8 million. €12 million of current income tax expense was primarily related to subsidiaries with a taxable profit within the Group and did not reflect a €8 million excess tax benefit of share-based compensation deductions recognized in equity. In addition, €10 million of deferred tax expense was recorded related to the derecognition of deferred tax assets as a result of the decrease in unrealized gain on the Group's long-term investment in Tencent Music Entertainment Group, partially offset by €7 million deferred tax benefit resulting from the recognition of deferred tax assets of a group subsidiary.

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, income tax expense was €71 million. €150 million of current income tax expense was primarily related to profitability within the Group and did not reflect a €114 million excess tax benefit of share-based compensation deductions recognized in equity. This was partially offset by the recognition of deferred tax assets resulting in a deferred tax benefit of €119 million. In addition, €27 million of deferred tax expense was primarily related to the utilization of net operating loss carryforwards in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, income tax expense was €88 million. €54 million of current income tax expense was primarily related to subsidiaries with a taxable profit within the Group and did not reflect a €31 million excess tax benefit of share-based compensation deductions recognized in equity. In addition, €38 million of deferred tax expense was recorded related to the derecognition of deferred tax assets as a result of the decrease in unrealized gain on the Group's long-term investment in Tencent Music Entertainment Group.

#### Non-IFRS Financial Measure
We have reported our interim financial results in accordance with IAS 34 as issued by the IASB. In addition, we have discussed our results using the non-IFRS measure of Free Cash Flow as discussed below.

**Free Cash Flow** is defined as net cash flows from operating activities less capital expenditures and change in restricted cash. We believe Free Cash Flow is a useful supplemental financial measure for us and investors in assessing our ability to pursue business opportunities and investments and to service our debt. Free Cash Flow is not a measure of our liquidity under IFRS and should not be considered as an alternative to net cash flows from operating activities.

Free Cash Flow is a non-IFRS measure and is not a substitute for IFRS measures in assessing our overall financial performance. Because Free Cash Flow is not a measurement determined in accordance with IFRS, and is susceptible to varying calculations, it may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures presented by other companies. You should not consider Free Cash Flow in isolation, or as a substitute for an analysis of our results as reported on our interim condensed consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this document.

Set forth below is a reconciliation of Free Cash Flow to net cash flows from operating activities for the periods presented.

|                           | Nine months ended September 30, 2024 (€ in millions) | Nine months ended September 30, 2023 (€ in millions) |
|---------------------------|---------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------|
| Net cash flows from operating activities | 1,418                                               | 283                                               |
| Capital expenditures      | (11)                                                | (5)                                                |
| Change in restricted cash | 1                                                   | 4                                                   |
| **Free Cash Flow**        | 1,408                                               | 282                                               |

#### Liquidity and Capital Resources
Our principal sources of liquidity are our cash and cash equivalents, short term investments, and cash generated from operating activities. Cash and cash equivalents and short term investments consist mostly of cash on deposit with banks, time deposits, investments in money market funds, and investments in government securities, corporate notes, fixed income funds, and collateralized reverse purchase agreements. Cash and cash equivalents and short term investments increased by €1,866 million from €4,214 million as of December 31, 2023, to €6,080 million as of September 30, 2024.

We believe our existing cash and cash equivalents, short term investments, and the cash flow we generate from our operations will be sufficient to meet our working capital and capital expenditure needs and other liquidity requirements for at least the next 12 months. However, our future capital requirements may be materially different than those currently planned in our budgeting and forecasting activities and depend on many factors, including our rate of revenue growth, the timing of new product introductions, market acceptance of our products, the acquisition of other companies, competitive factors, and global.