## Table of Contents

### Premium cost of revenue
The increase in Premium cost of revenue was driven primarily by increases in Premium revenue as well as audiobook licensing costs, partially offset by benefits from certain marketplace programs. These collectively resulted in an increase in content costs of €257 million. Additionally, the three months ended September 30, 2024 included a charge of €19 million related to a regulatory contribution, for which there were no material comparable charges during the three months ended September 30, 2023.

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, Premium cost of revenue increased €923 million, or 15%, and Premium cost of revenue as a percentage of Premium revenue decreased from 71% to 66%. This increase in Premium cost of revenue was driven primarily by increases in Premium revenue as well as audiobook licensing costs, partially offset by benefits from certain marketplace programs. These collectively resulted in an increase in content costs of €914 million. Additionally, there was an increase in payment processing fees of €31 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Additionally, the nine months ended September 30, 2024 included a charge of €19 million related to a regulatory contribution, for which there were no material comparable charges during the nine months ended September 30, 2023.

### Ad-Supported cost of revenue
For the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, Ad-Supported cost of revenue remained flat at €410 million, and Ad-Supported cost of revenue as a percentage of Ad-Supported revenue decreased from 92% to 87%. The three months ended September 30, 2024 included a €9 million decrease in cost of revenue primarily related to a reduction in podcast production and personnel costs. These cost reductions were partially offset by higher royalty costs of €5 million due to growth in both advertising revenue and the volume of streams, offset by growth in certain marketplace programs during the three months ended September 30, 2024.

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, Ad-Supported cost of revenue decreased €7 million, or 1%, and Ad-Supported cost of revenue as a percentage of Ad-Supported revenue decreased from 100% to 89%. The nine months ended September 30, 2023 included €46 million of strategic realignment and reorganization costs relating to the write-off of content assets, contract termination and other related costs, and employee severance for which there were no material comparable costs from a decrease during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Cost of revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 also benefited from changes of €22 million primarily related to a reduction in podcast production and personnel costs. These cost reductions were partially offset by an increase in royalty costs of €54 million due to growth in both advertising revenue and the volume of streams, partially offset by benefits from certain marketplace programs during the nine months ended September 30, 2024.

### Foreign exchange impact on total cost of revenue
The general movement of the Euro relative to certain foreign currencies, as well as movement in the Argentine Peso, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in 2023, had a favorable net impact on our cost of revenue. We estimate that total cost of revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 would have been approximately €69 million and €140 million higher, respectively, if foreign exchange rates had remained consistent with foreign exchange rates for the comparable period in 2023.