## Components of our Operating Results

### Cost of revenue
Cost of revenue consists predominantly of royalty and distribution costs related to content streaming. We incur royalty costs, which we pay to certain record labels, music publishers, and other rights holders, for the right to stream content to our users. Music royalties are typically calculated monthly based on the combination of a number of different variables. Generally, Subscription Offering music royalties are based on the greater of a percentage of revenue and a per user amount. Music royalties for the Ad-Supported Service are typically a percentage of relevant revenue, although certain agreements are based on the greater of a percentage of relevant revenue and an amount for each time a track is streamed. We have negotiated lower per user amounts for our low priced subscription plans such as our Family Plan, Duo Plan, and Student Plan. In our agreements with certain record labels, the percentage of revenue used in the calculation of royalties is generally dependent upon certain targets being met. The targets can include such measures as the number of applicable Premium Subscribers, the ratio of Ad-Supported Users to applicable Premium Subscribers, and/or the rates of applicable Premium Subscriber churn. In addition, royalty rates vary by country. Some of our royalty agreements require that royalty costs be paid in advance or are subject to minimum guaranteed amounts. For the majority of royalty agreements, incremental costs incurred due to unrecouped advances and minimum guarantees have not been significant to date. We also have certain so-called most favored nation royalty agreements, which require us to record additional costs if certain material contract terms are not as favorable as the terms we have agreed to with similar licensors. Cost of revenue also reflects discounts provided by certain rights holders in return for promotional activities in connection with marketplace programs. Additionally, it includes the cost of discount trial sales. Royalties payable in relation to audio book licenses are generally consumption based.

### Cost of revenue also includes the cost of podcast content assets (both produced and licensed). Amortization of podcast content assets is recorded over the shorter of the estimated useful economic life or the license period (if relevant) and begins at the release of each episode. We make payments to podcast publishers, whose content we monetize through advertising sales in the Spotify Audience Network ("SPAN"), which are also included in cost of revenue.

### Cost of revenue also includes credit card and payment processing fees for subscription revenue, advertising serving, advertising measurement, customer service, certain employee compensation and benefits, cloud computing, streaming, facility, and equipment costs.

### Research and Development
We invest heavily in research and development in order to drive user engagement and customer satisfaction on our platform, which we believe helps drive organic growth in MAUs, which, in turn, drives additional growth in, and better retention of, Premium Subscribers, as well as increased advertising opportunities to our users. We aim to design products and features that create and enhance user experiences, and new technologies are at the core of many of these opportunities. Expenses primarily comprise costs incurred for the development of products related to our platform and Service, as well as new and existing advertising products and improvements to our mobile application and desktop application and streaming services. The costs incurred include related facility costs, consulting costs, and employee compensation and benefits costs. We expect engineers to represent a significant portion of our employees over the foreseeable future.

### Many of our new products and improvements to our platform require large investments and involve substantial time and risks to develop and launch. Some of these products may not be well received or may take a long time for users to adopt. As a result, the benefits of our research and development investments are difficult to forecast.

### Sales and Marketing
Sales and marketing expenses primarily comprise employee compensation and benefits, public relations, branding, consulting expenses, customer acquisition costs, advertising, marketing events and trade shows, amortization of trade name intangible assets, the cost of working with content creators and rights holders to promote the availability of new releases on our platform, and the costs of providing free trials. Expenses included in the cost of providing free trials are derived primarily from per user royalty fees determined in accordance with the rights holder agreements.

### General and Administrative
General and administrative expenses primarily comprise employee compensation and benefits for functions such as finance, accounting, analytics, legal, human resources, consulting fees, and other costs including facility and equipment costs, directors' and officers' liability insurance, and director fees.